#protocolip

Statistics for protocolip resource.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#operations))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th> Data Type</th><th> Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>clearstats</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Clear the statsistics / counters.&lt;br>Possible values = basic, full</td><tr><tr><td>iptotrxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>IP packets received.</td><tr><tr><td>iprxpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for iptotrxpkts</td><tr><tr><td>iptotrxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Bytes of IP data received.</td><tr><tr><td>iprxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for iptotrxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>iptottxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>IP packets transmitted.</td><tr><tr><td>iptxpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for iptottxpkts</td><tr><tr><td>iptottxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Bytes of IP data transmitted.</td><tr><tr><td>iptxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for iptottxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>iptotrxmbits</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Megabits of IP data received.</td><tr><tr><td>iprxmbitsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for iptotrxmbits</td><tr><tr><td>iptottxmbits</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Megabits of IP data transmitted.</td><tr><tr><td>iptxmbitsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for iptottxmbits</td><tr><tr><td>iptotroutedpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total routed packets.</td><tr><tr><td>iproutedpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for iptotroutedpkts</td><tr><tr><td>iptotroutedmbits</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total routed Mbits</td><tr><tr><td>iproutedmbitsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for iptotroutedmbits</td><tr><tr><td>iptotfragments</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>IP fragments received.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotsuccreassembly</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Fragmented IP packets successfully reassembled on the NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotreassemblyattempt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>IP packets that the NetScaler attempts to reassemble. If one of the fragments is missing, the whole packet is dropped.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotaddrlookup</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>IP address lookups performed by the NetScaler. When a packet is received on a non-established session, the NetScaler checks if the destination IP address is one of the NetScaler owned IP addresses.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotaddrlookupfail</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>IP address lookups performed by the NetScaler that have failed because the destination IP address of the packet does not match any of the NetScaler owned IP addresses.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotudpfragmentsfwd</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>UDP fragments forwarded to the client or the server.</td><tr><tr><td>iptottcpfragmentsfwd</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>TCP fragments forwarded to the client or the server.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotfragpktsgen</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Fragmented packets created by the NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotbadchecksums</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received with an IP checksum error.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotunsuccreassembly</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received that could not be reassembled. This can occur when there is a checksum failure, an identification field mismatch, or when one of the fragments is missing.</td><tr><tr><td>iptottoobig</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received for which the reassembled data exceeds the Ethernet packet data length of 1500 bytes.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotzerofragmentlen</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received with a fragment length of 0 bytes.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotdupfragments</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Duplicate IP fragments received. This can occur when the acknowledgement was not received within the expected time.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotoutoforderfrag</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Fragments received that are out of order.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotunknowndstrcvd</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received in which the destination IP address was not reachable or not owned by the NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotbadtransport</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received in which the protocol specified in the IP header is unknown to the NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotvipdown</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received for which the VIP is down. This can occur when all the services bound to the VIP are down or the VIP is manually disabled.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotfixheaderfail</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received that contain an error in one or more components of the IP header.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotttlexpired</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets for which the time-to-live (TTL) expired during transit. These packets are dropped.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotmaxclients</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Attempts to open a new connection to a service for which the maximum limit has been exceeded. Default value, 0, applies no limit.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotunknownsvcs</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received on a port or service that is not configured.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotlandattacks</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Land-attack packets received. The source and destination addresses are the same.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotinvalidheadersz</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received in which an invalid data length is specified, or the value in the length field and the actual data length do not match. The range for the Ethernet packet data length is 0-1500 bytes.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotinvalidpacketsize</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of packets received by NetScaler with invalid IP packet size.</td><tr><tr><td>iptottruncatedpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Truncated IP packets received. An overflow in the routers along the path can truncate IP packets.</td><tr><tr><td>noniptottruncatedpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Truncated non-IP packets received.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotzeronexthop</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received that contain a 0 value in the next hop field. These packets are dropped.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotbadlens</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Packets received with a length greater than the normal maximum transmission unit of 1514 bytes.</td><tr><tr><td>iptotbadmacaddrs</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>IP packets transmitted with a bad MAC address.</td><tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#properties))</span>


[GET (ALL)](#get-(all))


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b> NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b> NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b> In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span> and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get (all)



URL: http://NS_IP/nitro/v1/stat/protocolip
Query-parameters:
args
http://&lt;NSIP&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/protocolip?args=      detail:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,      fullvalues:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,      ntimes:&lt;Double_value&gt;,      logfile:&lt;String_value&gt;,      clearstats:&lt;String_value&gt;,
Use this query-parameter to get protocolip resources based on additional properties.



HTTP Method: GET
Response Payload: ```{ "errorcode": 0, "message": "Done", "protocolip": [ {      "iproutedpktsrate":<Double_value>,      "iptotoutoforderfrag":<Double_value>,      "noniptottruncatedpackets":<Double_value>,      "iptotmaxclients":<Double_value>,      "iptotzerofragmentlen":<Double_value>,      "iptxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "iptotvipdown":<Double_value>,      "iptotroutedpkts":<Double_value>,      "iprxmbitsrate":<Double_value>,      "iprxpktsrate":<Double_value>,      "iptxmbitsrate":<Double_value>,      "iptotroutedmbits":<Double_value>,      "iptotinvalidheadersz":<Double_value>,      "iptotaddrlookupfail":<Double_value>,      "iptotbadtransport":<Double_value>,      "iptotfragpktsgen":<Double_value>,      "iptotsuccreassembly":<Double_value>,      "iptotrxmbits":<Double_value>,      "iptottxbytes":<Double_value>,      "iptotbadmacaddrs":<Double_value>,      "iptottcpfragmentsfwd":<Double_value>,      "iptotrxpkts":<Double_value>,      "iptotrxbytes":<Double_value>,      "iptotlandattacks":<Double_value>,      "iptotunknowndstrcvd":<Double_value>,      "iptottruncatedpackets":<Double_value>,      "iptotttlexpired":<Double_value>,      "iprxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "iptottxmbits":<Double_value>,      "iptotbadlens":<Double_value>,      "iptotunknownsvcs":<Double_value>,      "iptotdupfragments":<Double_value>,      "iptottoobig":<Double_value>,      "iptotzeronexthop":<Double_value>,      "iptotaddrlookup":<Double_value>,      "iptotfragments":<Double_value>,      "iptotinvalidpacketsize":<Double_value>,      "iptotunsuccreassembly":<Double_value>,      "iptotreassemblyattempt":<Double_value>,      "iptottxpkts":<Double_value>,      "iptxpktsrate":<Double_value>,      "iptotbadchecksums":<Double_value>,      "iptotfixheaderfail":<Double_value>,      "iproutedmbitsrate":<Double_value>,      "iptotudpfragmentsfwd":<Double_value>}]}```



