#protocolhttp

Statistics for HTTP resource.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#operations))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th> Data Type</th><th> Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>clearstats</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Clear the statsistics / counters.&lt;br>Possible values = basic, full</td><tr><tr><td>spdytotstreams</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of requests received over SPDYv2 and SPDYv3</td><tr><tr><td>spdystreamsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for spdytotstreams</td><tr><tr><td>httptotrequests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP requests received.</td><tr><tr><td>httprequestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotrequests</td><tr><tr><td>httptotresponses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP responses sent.</td><tr><tr><td>httpresponsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotresponses</td><tr><tr><td>httptotrxrequestbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of bytes of HTTP request data received.</td><tr><tr><td>httprxrequestbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotrxrequestbytes</td><tr><tr><td>httptotrxresponsebytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of bytes of HTTP response data received.</td><tr><tr><td>httprxresponsebytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotrxresponsebytes</td><tr><tr><td>httptotgets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP requests received with the GET method.</td><tr><tr><td>httpgetsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotgets</td><tr><tr><td>httptotposts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP requests received with the POST method.</td><tr><tr><td>httppostsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotposts</td><tr><tr><td>httptotothers</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP requests received with methods other than GET and POST. Some of the other well-defined HTTP methods are HEAD, PUT, DELETE, OPTIONS, and TRACE. User-defined methods are also allowed.</td><tr><tr><td>httptohersrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotothers</td><tr><tr><td>httptot10requests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP/1.0 requests received.</td><tr><tr><td>http10requestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptot10requests</td><tr><tr><td>httptot11requests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP/1.1 requests received.</td><tr><tr><td>http11requestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptot11requests</td><tr><tr><td>httptotclenrequests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP requests in which the Content-length field of the HTTP header has been set. Content-length specifies the length of the content, in bytes, in the associated HTTP body.</td><tr><tr><td>httpclenrequestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotclenrequests</td><tr><tr><td>httptotchunkedrequests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP requests in which the Transfer-Encoding field of the HTTP header has been set to chunked.</td><tr><tr><td>httpchunkedrequestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotchunkedrequests</td><tr><tr><td>httptottxrequestbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of bytes of HTTP request data transmitted.</td><tr><tr><td>httptxrequestbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptottxrequestbytes</td><tr><tr><td>httptot10responses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP/1.0 responses sent.</td><tr><tr><td>http10responsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptot10responses</td><tr><tr><td>httptot11responses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP/1.1 responses sent.</td><tr><tr><td>http11responsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptot11responses</td><tr><tr><td>httptotclenresponses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP responses sent in which the Content-length field of the HTTP header has been set. Content-length specifies the length of the content, in bytes, in the associated HTTP body.</td><tr><tr><td>httpclenresponsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotclenresponses</td><tr><tr><td>httptotchunkedresponses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP responses sent in which the Transfer-Encoding field of the HTTP header has been set to chunked. This setting is used when the server wants to start sending the response before knowing its total length. The server breaks the response into chunks and sends them in sequence, inserting the length of each chunk before the actual data. The message ends with a chunk of size zero.</td><tr><tr><td>httpchunkedresponsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotchunkedresponses</td><tr><tr><td>httperrnoreusemultipart</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP multi-part responses sent. In multi-part responses, one or more entities are encapsulated within the body of a single message.</td><tr><tr><td>httperrnoreusemultipartrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httperrnoreusemultipart</td><tr><tr><td>httptotnoclenchunkresponses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of FIN-terminated responses sent. In FIN-terminated responses, the server finishes sending the data and closes the connection.</td><tr><tr><td>httpnoclenchunkresponsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotnoclenchunkresponses</td><tr><tr><td>httptottxresponsebytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of bytes of HTTP response data transmitted.</td><tr><tr><td>httptxresponsebytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptottxresponsebytes</td><tr><tr><td>httperrincompleteheaders</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP requests and responses received in which the HTTP header spans more than one packet.</td><tr><tr><td>httperrincompleterequests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP requests received in which the header spans more than one packet.</td><tr><tr><td>httperrincompleterequestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httperrincompleterequests</td><tr><tr><td>httperrincompleteresponses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP responses received in which the header spans more than one packet.</td><tr><tr><td>httperrincompleteresponsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httperrincompleteresponses</td><tr><tr><td>httperrserverbusy</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP error responses received. Some of the error responses are: 500 Internal Server Error 501 Not Implemented 502 Bad Gateway 503 Service Unavailable 504 Gateway Timeout 505 HTTP Version Not Supported</td><tr><tr><td>httperrserverbusyrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httperrserverbusy</td><tr><tr><td>httperrlargecontent</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of requests and responses received with large body.</td><tr><tr><td>httperrlargechunk</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of requests received with large chunk size, in which the Transfer-Encoding field of the HTTP header has been set to chunked.</td><tr><tr><td>httperrlargectlen</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of requests received with large content, in which the Content-length field of the HTTP header has been set. Content-length specifies the length of the content, in bytes, in the associated HTTP body.</td><tr><tr><td>spdyv2totstreams</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of requests received over SPDYv2</td><tr><tr><td>spdyv2streamsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for spdyv2totstreams</td><tr><tr><td>spdyv3totstreams</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of requests received over SPDYv3</td><tr><tr><td>spdyv3streamsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for spdyv3totstreams</td><tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#properties))</span>


[GET (ALL)](#get-(all))


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b> NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b> NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b> In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span> and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get (all)



URL: http://NS_IP/nitro/v1/stat/protocolhttp
Query-parameters:
args
http://&lt;NSIP&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/protocolhttp?args=      detail:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,      fullvalues:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,      ntimes:&lt;Double_value&gt;,      logfile:&lt;String_value&gt;,      clearstats:&lt;String_value&gt;,
Use this query-parameter to get protocolhttp resources based on additional properties.



HTTP Method: GET
Response Payload: ```{ "errorcode": 0, "message": "Done", "protocolhttp": [ {      "httptotclenresponses":<Double_value>,      "httperrnoreusemultipart":<Double_value>,      "spdyv3streamsrate":<Double_value>,      "httprxrequestbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "httptotrxresponsebytes":<Double_value>,      "httptotchunkedresponses":<Double_value>,      "httperrincompleterequests":<Double_value>,      "httptot10requests":<Double_value>,      "httptotgets":<Double_value>,      "httperrlargecontent":<Double_value>,      "http10responsesrate":<Double_value>,      "httperrserverbusy":<Double_value>,      "httptxrequestbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "httptotposts":<Double_value>,      "httptotclenrequests":<Double_value>,      "httprxresponsebytesrate":<Double_value>,      "spdyv2streamsrate":<Double_value>,      "httperrincompleteresponsesrate":<Double_value>,      "httpnoclenchunkresponsesrate":<Double_value>,      "httpchunkedrequestsrate":<Double_value>,      "http11responsesrate":<Double_value>,      "httptotrequests":<Double_value>,      "httptotresponses":<Double_value>,      "httperrincompleteresponses":<Double_value>,      "spdytotstreams":<Double_value>,      "httptottxrequestbytes":<Double_value>,      "httperrserverbusyrate":<Double_value>,      "http11requestsrate":<Double_value>,      "spdystreamsrate":<Double_value>,      "httptxresponsebytesrate":<Double_value>,      "httptohersrate":<Double_value>,      "httpchunkedresponsesrate":<Double_value>,      "httptot11responses":<Double_value>,      "http10requestsrate":<Double_value>,      "httprequestsrate":<Double_value>,      "httpresponsesrate":<Double_value>,      "httptot10responses":<Double_value>,      "httptotnoclenchunkresponses":<Double_value>,      "httperrlargechunk":<Double_value>,      "httperrnoreusemultipartrate":<Double_value>,      "spdyv3totstreams":<Double_value>,      "httperrincompleteheaders":<Double_value>,      "httptot11requests":<Double_value>,      "httppostsrate":<Double_value>,      "httpgetsrate":<Double_value>,      "httpclenresponsesrate":<Double_value>,      "httperrlargectlen":<Double_value>,      "httptottxresponsebytes":<Double_value>,      "spdyv2totstreams":<Double_value>,      "httptotchunkedrequests":<Double_value>,      "httperrincompleterequestsrate":<Double_value>,      "httpclenrequestsrate":<Double_value>,      "httptotrxrequestbytes":<Double_value>,      "httptotothers":<Double_value>}]}```



