#vpnvserver_binding

Binding object showing the resources that can be bound to vpnvserver.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#operations))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th> Data Type</th><th> Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>name</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Name of the NetScaler Gateway virtual server for which to show detailed information.&lt;br>Minimum length = 1</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_intranetip6_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_intranetip6_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>intranetip6 that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationradiuspolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationradiuspolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationradiuspolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_vpnsessionpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_vpnsessionpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>vpnsessionpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_vpnnexthopserver_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_vpnnexthopserver_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>vpnnexthopserver that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationldappolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationldappolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationldappolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationsamlidppolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationsamlidppolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationsamlidppolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationwebauthpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationwebauthpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationwebauthpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_sharefileserver_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_sharefileserver_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>sharefileserver that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationlocalpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationlocalpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationlocalpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_vpnintranetapplication_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_vpnintranetapplication_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>vpnintranetapplication that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_appcontroller_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_appcontroller_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>appcontroller that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_rewritepolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_rewritepolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>rewritepolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_vpnportaltheme_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_vpnportaltheme_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>vpnportaltheme that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_cspolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_cspolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>cspolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_auditsyslogpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_auditsyslogpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>auditsyslogpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationcertpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationcertpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationcertpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_vpnepaprofile_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_vpnepaprofile_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>vpnepaprofile that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_vpnurl_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_vpnurl_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>vpnurl that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_auditnslogpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_auditnslogpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>auditnslogpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_vpneula_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_vpneula_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>vpneula that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_icapolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_icapolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>icapolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_vpnclientlessaccesspolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_vpnclientlessaccesspolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>vpnclientlessaccesspolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_intranetip_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_intranetip_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>intranetip that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_appflowpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_appflowpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>appflowpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_responderpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_responderpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>responderpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_vpntrafficpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_vpntrafficpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>vpntrafficpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationnegotiatepolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationnegotiatepolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationnegotiatepolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_aaapreauthenticationpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_aaapreauthenticationpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>aaapreauthenticationpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_feopolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_feopolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>feopolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationtacacspolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationtacacspolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationtacacspolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_cachepolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_cachepolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>cachepolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationsamlpolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationsamlpolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationsamlpolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationdfapolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationdfapolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationdfapolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_staserver_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_staserver_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>staserver that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr><tr><td>vpnvserver_authenticationloginschemapolicy_binding</td><td>&lt;vpnvserver_authenticationloginschemapolicy_binding[]></td><td>Read-only</td><td>authenticationloginschemapolicy that can be bound to vpnvserver.</td><tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#properties))</span>


[GET](#get)


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b> NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b> NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b> In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span> and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get



URL: http://&lt;NS_IP&gt;/nitro/v1/config/vpnvserver_binding/name_value&lt;String&gt;
HTTP Method: GET
Response Payload: ```{ "errorcode": 0, "message": "Done", "vpnvserver_binding": [ {      "name":<String_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationloginschemapolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationloginschemapolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationsamlpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationsamlpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_cspolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_cspolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_icapolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_icapolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_vpnportaltheme_binding":<vpnvserver_vpnportaltheme_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_appflowpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_appflowpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_intranetip_binding":<vpnvserver_intranetip_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_vpntrafficpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_vpntrafficpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_vpnepaprofile_binding":<vpnvserver_vpnepaprofile_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationtacacspolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationtacacspolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_vpnintranetapplication_binding":<vpnvserver_vpnintranetapplication_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationradiuspolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationradiuspolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_aaapreauthenticationpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_aaapreauthenticationpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_feopolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_feopolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationlocalpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationlocalpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_intranetip6_binding":<vpnvserver_intranetip6_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_vpnsessionpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_vpnsessionpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_staserver_binding":<vpnvserver_staserver_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationcertpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationcertpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationsamlidppolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationsamlidppolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_vpnnexthopserver_binding":<vpnvserver_vpnnexthopserver_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_auditnslogpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_auditnslogpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_auditsyslogpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_auditsyslogpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_sharefileserver_binding":<vpnvserver_sharefileserver_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_responderpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_responderpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_vpnurl_binding":<vpnvserver_vpnurl_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_cachepolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_cachepolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationldappolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationldappolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationwebauthpolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationwebauthpolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_rewritepolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_rewritepolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationnegotiatepolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationnegotiatepolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_appcontroller_binding":<vpnvserver_appcontroller_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_vpnclientlessaccesspolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_vpnclientlessaccesspolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_authenticationdfapolicy_binding":<vpnvserver_authenticationdfapolicy_binding[]_value>,      "vpnvserver_vpneula_binding":<vpnvserver_vpneula_binding[]_value>,}]}```



