#bfdsession

Configuration for BFD configuration resource.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#operations))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th> Data Type</th><th> Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>localip</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>IPV4 or IPV6 Address of Local Node.</td><tr><tr><td>remoteip</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>IPV4 or IPV6 Address of Remote Node.</td><tr><tr><td>state</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Current state of the BFD session.&lt;br>Possible values = ADMIN DOWN, DOWN, INIT, UP</td><tr><tr><td>localport</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Source Port used by Local node to send Control packets for the BFD session.</td><tr><tr><td>remoteport</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Source Port used by Remote node to send Control packets for the BFD session.</td><tr><tr><td>minimumtransmitinterval</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Minimum trasmit interval, in milliseconds, the local node would like to use when transmitting BFD Control packets.</td><tr><tr><td>negotiatedminimumtransmitinterval</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Negotiated Minimum Transmit Interval. This is the interval at which the local node will be sending out BFD control packets.</td><tr><tr><td>minimumreceiveinterval</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Minimum receive interval, in milliseconds, between received BFD Control packets that the local node is capable of supporting.</td><tr><tr><td>negotiatedminimumreceiveinterval</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Negotiated Minimum Receive Interval. This is the interval at which the local node will be expecting BFD control packets.</td><tr><tr><td>multiplier</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Detection Multiplier. The negotiated transmit interval multiplied by Detection multiplier provides the Detection Time for the remote node for the BFD session.</td><tr><tr><td>remotemultiplier</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Your Multiplier. The negotiated receive interval multiplied by Your Multiplier provides the Detection Time for the local node for the BFD session.</td><tr><tr><td>vlan</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>VLAN ID on which the BDS session is configured.</td><tr><tr><td>localdiagnotic</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Diagnostic Code specifying the local systems reason for the last change in session state.</td><tr><tr><td>localdiscriminator</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>A unique discriminator value generated by the local node for the session.</td><tr><tr><td>remotediscriminator</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>A unique discriminator value as received from the remote node for the session.</td><tr><tr><td>passive</td><td>&lt;Boolean></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Flag indicating that the session is passive.</td><tr><tr><td>multihop</td><td>&lt;Boolean></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Flag indicating if the session is multihop.</td><tr><tr><td>admindown</td><td>&lt;Boolean></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Flag indicating if admin down is being sent.</td><tr><tr><td>originalownerpe</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Original Owner PE of the BFD session.</td><tr><tr><td>currentownerpe</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Current Owner PE of the BFD session.</td><tr><tr><td>ownernode</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>The owner node in a Cluster for this BFD session. Owner node can vary from 0 to 31. If ownernode is not specified then the session is treated as Striped session.&lt;br>Default value: 255</td><tr><tr><td>__count</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>count parameter</td><tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#properties))</span>


[GET (ALL)](#get-(all)) | [COUNT](#count)


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b> NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b> NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b> In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span> and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get (all)



URL: http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/config/bfdsession
Query-parameters:
args
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/config/bfdsession?args=localip:&lt;String_value&gt;,remoteip:&lt;String_value&gt;
Use this query-parameter to get bfdsession resources based on additional properties.


attrs
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/config/bfdsession?attrs=property-name1,property-name2
Use this query parameter to specify the resource details that you want to retrieve.


filter
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/config/bfdsession?filter=property-name1:property-val1,property-name2:property-val2
Use this query-parameter to get the filtered set of bfdsession resources configured on NetScaler.Filtering can be done on any of the properties of the resource.


view
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/config/bfdsession?view=summary
Note: By default, the retrieved results are displayed in detail view (?view=detail).


pagination
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/config/bfdsession?pagesize=#no;pageno=#no
Use this query-parameter to get the bfdsession resources in chunks.



HTTP Method: GET
Request Headers:

Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=&lt;tokenvalue&gt;Accept:application/json

Response:
HTTP Status Code on Success: 200 OKHTTP Status Code on Failure: 4xx &lt;string&gt; (for general HTTP errors) or 5xx &lt;string&gt; (for NetScaler-specific errors). The response payload provides details of the errorResponse Headers:

Content-Type:application/json

Response Payload: ```{ "bfdsession": [ {localip:<String_value>,remoteip:<String_value>      "state":<String_value>,      "localport":<Double_value>,      "remoteport":<Double_value>,      "minimumtransmitinterval":<Double_value>,      "negotiatedminimumtransmitinterval":<Double_value>,      "minimumreceiveinterval":<Double_value>,      "negotiatedminimumreceiveinterval":<Double_value>,      "multiplier":<Double_value>,      "remotemultiplier":<Double_value>,      "vlan":<Double_value>,      "localdiagnotic":<Double_value>,      "localdiscriminator":<Double_value>,      "remotediscriminator":<Double_value>,      "passive":<Boolean_value>,      "multihop":<Boolean_value>,      "admindown":<Boolean_value>,      "originalownerpe":<Double_value>,      "currentownerpe":<Double_value>,      "ownernode":<Double_value>}]}```



###count



URL: http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/config/bfdsession?count=yes
HTTP Method: GET
Request Headers:

Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=&lt;tokenvalue&gt;Accept:application/json

Response:
HTTP Status Code on Success: 200 OKHTTP Status Code on Failure: 4xx &lt;string&gt; (for general HTTP errors) or 5xx &lt;string&gt; (for NetScaler-specific errors). The response payload provides details of the errorResponse Headers:

Content-Type:application/json

Response Payload: 
{ "bfdsession": [ { "__count": "#no"} ] }


