#Statistics

The statistics API is arranged in a logical groups of objects. Choose an appropriate group to find more details.


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><a href=".././aaa/aaa/">AAA</a></td><td>Authentication, authorization, and accounting service statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././appflow/appflow/">Appflow</a></td><td>AppFlow statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././application-firewall/application-firewall/">Application Firewall</a></td><td>Application Firewall statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././appqoe/appqoe/">Appqoe</a></td><td>Application Level Quality of Experience statistics</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././audit/audit/">Audit</a></td><td>Audit statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././authentication/authentication/">Authentication</a></td><td>Authentication statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././authorization/authorization/">Authorization</a></td><td>Authorization statistics. Authorization services check which resources users are authorized to access, and grant permissions accordingly.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././autoscale/autoscale/">Autoscale</a></td><td>AutoScale statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././basic/basic/">Basic</a></td><td>Basic system statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././ca/ca/">Ca</a></td><td>Content Accelerator statistics. The Content Accelerator feature is used to cache static and dynamic web application data.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././integrated-caching/integrated-caching/">Integrated Caching</a></td><td>Integrated Caching statistics. The Integrated Caching feature is used to cache static and dynamic web application data.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././cluster/cluster/">Cluster</a></td><td>Cluster commands.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././compression/compression/">Compression</a></td><td>Compression statistics. The systems feature for compressing HTTP responses to compression-aware browsers.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././ci/ci/">CI</a></td><td>Content Inspection</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././cache-redirection/cache-redirection/">Cache Redirection</a></td><td>Cache redirection statistics. The cache redirection feature can transparently redirect cacheable HTTP requests to a cache and send non-cacheable or dynamic HTTP requests to the origin server. A cache stores or caches frequently requested web content and serves such web content to a client on behalf of the origin servers, alleviating the load on the origin server farm.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././content-switching/content-switching/">Content Switching</a></td><td>Content Switching statistics. Content Switching feature that enables you to direct traffic to servers on the basis of content.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././domain-name-service/domain-name-service/">Domain Name Service</a></td><td>Domain Name Service(DNS) statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././http-dos-protection/http-dos-protection/">HTTP DoS Protection</a></td><td>HTTP DOS protection statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././front-end-optimization/front-end-optimization/">Front-end-optimization</a></td><td>Front end optimization statistics. The systems feature to optimize Web content for performance.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././global-server-load-balancing/global-server-load-balancing/">Global Server Load Balancing</a></td><td>Global Server Load Balancing (GSLB) statistics. GSLB feature ensures that client requests are directed to a best performing site available in a global enterprise and distributed Internet environment.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././high-availability/high-availability/">High Availability</a></td><td>High-availability commands.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././ica/ica/">Ica</a></td><td>ICA statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././ipsec/ipsec/">Ipsec</a></td><td>IPSEC statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././ipsecalg/ipsecalg/">Ipsecalg</a></td><td>IPSECALG statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././load-balancing/load-balancing/">Load Balancing</a></td><td>Load Balancing statistics. The load balancing methods manage the selection of an appropriate physical server in a server farm.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././lldp/lldp/">LLDP</a></td><td>Link Layer Discovery Protocol.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././lsn/lsn/">Lsn</a></td><td>Large Scale NAT commands</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././network/network/">Network</a></td><td>Networking commands.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././ns/ns/">NS</a></td><td>System/Global level statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././pcp/pcp/">Pcp</a></td><td>Port Control Protocol statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././priority-queuing/priority-queuing/">Priority Queuing</a></td><td>Priority Queuing statistics. Priority Queuing ensures that key customer web sites get the timely responses they need. System provides priority-based queuing, which provides different levels of service to customers.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././protocol/protocol/">Protocol</a></td><td>Protocol statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././qos/qos/">Qos</a></td><td>QoS statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././responder/responder/">Responder</a></td><td>Responder statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././rewrite/rewrite/">Rewrite</a></td><td>Rewrite statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././sure-connect/sure-connect/">Sure Connect</a></td><td>SureConnect statistics. SureConnect allows the system to deliver alternate content to clients when the system is under heavy load for the original URL. The original content will be served to the client, automatically, after an estimated delay period.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././snmp/snmp/">SNMP</a></td><td>SNMP(Simple Network Management Protocol) statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././spillover/spillover/">Spillover</a></td><td>Spillover policies and actions.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././ssl/ssl/">SSL</a></td><td>SSL statistics</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././stream/stream/">Stream</a></td><td>Stream statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././system/system/">System</a></td><td>System statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././traffic-management/traffic-management/">Traffic Management</a></td><td>TM session/policy statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././transform/transform/">Transform</a></td><td>URL Transformation statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././tunnel/tunnel/">Tunnel</a></td><td>SSL VPN Tunnel statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././user/user/">User</a></td><td>User protocol statistics.</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././videooptimization/videooptimization/">VideoOptimization</a></td><td>Video optimization feature is used to show (i) the stats of different media types that are being served by the netscaler and (ii) the details of optimization applied on ABR videos</td></tr><tr><td><a href=".././ssl-vpn/ssl-vpn/">SSL VPN</a></td><td>Virtual Private Network statistics.</td></tr></tbody></table>
