#cmp

Statistics for cmp.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#operations))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th> Data Type</th><th> Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>clearstats</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Clear the statsistics / counters.&lt;br>Possible values = basic, full</td><tr><tr><td>delbwsaving</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Bandwidth saving from delta compression expressed as percentage.</td><tr><tr><td>delcmpratio</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Ratio of compressible data received to compressed data transmitted.If this ratio is one (uncmp:1.0) that means compression is disabled or we are not able to compress even a single compressible packet.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcpratio</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Ratio of decompressed data transmitted to compressed data received.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcpbandwidthsaving</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Bandwidth saving from TCP compression expressed as percentage.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcpratio</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Ratio of compressible data received to compressed data transmitted.If this ratio is one (uncmp:1.0) that means compression is disabled or we are not able to compress even a single compressible packet.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcpbandwidthsaving</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Bandwidth saving from TCP compression expressed as percentage.</td><tr><tr><td>comptotaldatacompressionratio</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Ratio of total HTTP data received to total HTTP data transmitted.</td><tr><tr><td>comphttpbandwidthsaving</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Bandwidth saving from TCP compression expressed as percentage.</td><tr><tr><td>compratio</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Ratio of the compressible data received from the server to the compressed data sent to the client.</td><tr><tr><td>comptotalrequests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of HTTP compression requests the NetScaler receives for which the response is successfully compressed. For example, after you enable compression and configure services, if you send requests to the NetScaler with the following header information: ?Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate?, and NetScaler compresses the corresponding response, this counter is incremented.</td><tr><tr><td>comprequestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptotalrequests</td><tr><tr><td>comptotalrxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of bytes that can be compressed, which the NetScaler receives from the server. This gives the content length of the response that the NetScaler receives from server.</td><tr><tr><td>comprxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptotalrxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>comptotaltxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of bytes the NetScaler sends to the client after compressing the response from the server.</td><tr><tr><td>comptxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptotaltxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>comptotalrxpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of HTTP packets that can be compressed, which the NetScaler receives from the server.</td><tr><tr><td>comprxpacketsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptotalrxpackets</td><tr><tr><td>comptotaltxpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of HTTP packets that the NetScaler sends to the client after compressing the response from the server.</td><tr><tr><td>comptxpacketsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptotaltxpackets</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptotalrxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of bytes that can be compressed, which the NetScaler receives from the server. This gives the content length of the response that the NetScaler receives from server.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcprxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptcptotalrxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptotalrxpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of compressible packets received by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcprxpacketsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptcptotalrxpackets</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptotaltxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of bytes that the NetScaler sends to the client after compressing the response from the server.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptcptotaltxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptotaltxpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of TCP packets that the NetScaler sends to the client after compressing the response from the server.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptxpacketsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptcptotaltxpackets</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptotalquantum</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the NetScaler compresses a quantum of data. NetScaler buffers the data received from the server till it reaches the quantum size and then compresses the buffered data and transmits to the client.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcpquantumrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptcptotalquantum</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptotalpush</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the NetScaler compresses data on receiving a TCP PUSH flag from the server. The PUSH flag ensures that data is compressed immediately without waiting for the buffered data size to reach the quantum size.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcppushrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptcptotalpush</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptotaleoi</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the NetScaler compresses data on receiving End Of Input (FIN packet). When the NetScaler receives End Of Input (FIN packet), it compresses the buffered data immediately without waiting for the buffered data size to reach the quantum size.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcpeoirate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptcptotaleoi</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptotaltimer</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the NetScaler compresses data on expiration of data accumulation timer. The timer expires if the server response is very slow and consequently, the NetScaler does not receive response for a certain amount of time. Under such a condition, the NetScaler compresses the buffered data immediately without waiting for the buffered data size to reach the quantum size.</td><tr><tr><td>comptcptimerrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for comptcptotaltimer</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcprxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of compressed bytes received by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcprxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for decomptcprxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcprxpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of compressed packets received by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcprxpacketsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for decomptcprxpackets</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcptxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of decompressed bytes transmitted by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcptxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for decomptcptxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcptxpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of decompressed packets transmitted by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcptxpacketsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for decomptcptxpackets</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrdata</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of data errors encountered while decompressing.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrdatarate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for decomptcperrdata</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrlessdata</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times NetScaler received less data than declared by protocol.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrlessdatarate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for decomptcperrlessdata</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrmoredata</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times NetScaler received more data than declared by protocol.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrmoredatarate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for decomptcperrmoredata</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrmemory</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times memory failures occurred while decompressing.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrmemoryrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for decomptcperrmemory</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrunknown</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times unknown errors occurred while decompressing.</td><tr><tr><td>decomptcperrunknownrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for decomptcperrunknown</td><tr><tr><td>delcomptotalrequests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of delta compression requests received by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomprequestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomptotalrequests</td><tr><tr><td>delcompdone</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of delta compressions done by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>delcompdonerate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcompdone</td><tr><tr><td>delcomptcprxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of delta-compressible bytes received by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomptcprxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomptcprxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>delcomptcptxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of delta-compressed bytes transmitted by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomptcptxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomptcptxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>delcompfirstaccess</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of delta compression first accesses.</td><tr><tr><td>delcompfirstaccessrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcompfirstaccess</td><tr><tr><td>delcomptcprxpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of delta-compressible packets received.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomptcprxpacketsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomptcprxpackets</td><tr><tr><td>delcomptcptxpackets</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of delta-compressed packets transmitted by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomptcptxpacketsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomptcptxpackets</td><tr><tr><td>delcompbaseserved</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of basefile requests served by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>delcompbaseservedrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcompbaseserved</td><tr><tr><td>delcompbasetcptxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of basefile bytes transmitted by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>delcompbasetcptxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcompbasetcptxbytes</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrbypassed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times delta-compression bypassed by NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrbypassedrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomperrbypassed</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrbfilewhdrfailed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times basefile could not be updated in NetScaler cache.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrbfilewhdrfailedrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomperrbfilewhdrfailed</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrnostoremiss</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times basefile was not found in NetScaler cache.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrnostoremissrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomperrnostoremiss</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrreqinfotoobig</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times basefile request URL was too large.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrreqinfotoobigrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomperrreqinfotoobig</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrreqinfoallocfail</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times requested basefile could not be allocated.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrreqinfoallocfailrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomperrreqinfoallocfail</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrsessallocfail</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times delta compression session could not be allocated.</td><tr><tr><td>delcomperrsessallocfailrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for delcomperrsessallocfail</td><tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#properties))</span>


[GET (ALL)](#get-(all))


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b> NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b> NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b> In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span> and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get (all)



URL: http://NS_IP/nitro/v1/stat/cmp
Query-parameters:
args
http://&lt;NSIP&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/cmp?args=      detail:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,      fullvalues:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,      ntimes:&lt;Double_value&gt;,      logfile:&lt;String_value&gt;,      clearstats:&lt;String_value&gt;,
Use this query-parameter to get cmp resources based on additional properties.



HTTP Method: GET
Response Payload: ```{ "errorcode": 0, "message": "Done", "cmp": [ {      "comphttpbandwidthsaving":<Double_value>,      "decomptcptxpacketsrate":<Double_value>,      "delcompbasetcptxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "comptotaltxbytes":<Double_value>,      "comptcpeoirate":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrbypassedrate":<Double_value>,      "delcmpratio":<Double_value>,      "delcomprequestsrate":<Double_value>,      "delcomptcprxpacketsrate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrmemory":<Double_value>,      "comptotaldatacompressionratio":<Double_value>,      "comprxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrsessallocfailrate":<Double_value>,      "delcomptcptxpacketsrate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrmemoryrate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrmoredata":<Double_value>,      "delcompfirstaccessrate":<Double_value>,      "comprxpacketsrate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcprxpacketsrate":<Double_value>,      "comptcpquantumrate":<Double_value>,      "comptxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "delcompbaseservedrate":<Double_value>,      "comptcptxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "delcomptcprxpackets":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrbfilewhdrfailed":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrmoredatarate":<Double_value>,      "delcompbaseserved":<Double_value>,      "compratio":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrlessdata":<Double_value>,      "comptcprxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "comptcprxpacketsrate":<Double_value>,      "delcomptcptxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrdatarate":<Double_value>,      "delcompdonerate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcpratio":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrlessdatarate":<Double_value>,      "comptcptotaltxbytes":<Double_value>,      "delcomptotalrequests":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrreqinfoallocfailrate":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrnostoremiss":<Double_value>,      "delcompbasetcptxbytes":<Double_value>,      "comptcptotalpush":<Double_value>,      "delcompfirstaccess":<Double_value>,      "delcompdone":<Double_value>,      "comptcptotalrxpackets":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrbypassed":<Double_value>,      "delbwsaving":<Double_value>,      "comprequestsrate":<Double_value>,      "delcomptcptxbytes":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrreqinfoallocfail":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrreqinfotoobig":<Double_value>,      "decomptcprxbytes":<Double_value>,      "comptcptxpacketsrate":<Double_value>,      "comptcptotaleoi":<Double_value>,      "comptcppushrate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrunknownrate":<Double_value>,      "comptcpbandwidthsaving":<Double_value>,      "comptotalrxbytes":<Double_value>,      "decomptcptxbytes":<Double_value>,      "decomptcprxpackets":<Double_value>,      "comptcptotaltimer":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrnostoremissrate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcpbandwidthsaving":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrsessallocfail":<Double_value>,      "decomptcptxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "comptxpacketsrate":<Double_value>,      "comptotaltxpackets":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrreqinfotoobigrate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcprxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "comptotalrequests":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrunknown":<Double_value>,      "comptotalrxpackets":<Double_value>,      "delcomptcprxbytes":<Double_value>,      "comptcptimerrate":<Double_value>,      "comptcptotalquantum":<Double_value>,      "comptcptotaltxpackets":<Double_value>,      "delcomptcptxpackets":<Double_value>,      "comptcptotalrxbytes":<Double_value>,      "delcomptcprxbytesrate":<Double_value>,      "decomptcptxpackets":<Double_value>,      "delcomperrbfilewhdrfailedrate":<Double_value>,      "comptcpratio":<Double_value>,      "decomptcperrdata":<Double_value>}]}```



