#snmp

Statistics for snmp.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#operations))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th> Data Type</th><th> Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>clearstats</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Clear the statsistics / counters.&lt;br>Possible values = basic, full</td><tr><tr><td>snmptotrxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP packets received.</td><tr><tr><td>snmprxpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for snmptotrxpkts</td><tr><tr><td>snmptottxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP packets transmitted.</td><tr><tr><td>snmptxpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for snmptottxpkts</td><tr><tr><td>snmptotgetreqs</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP Get-Request PDUs that have been accepted and processed.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpgetreqsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for snmptotgetreqs</td><tr><tr><td>snmptotgetnextreqs</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP Get-Next PDUs that have been accepted and processed.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpgetnextreqsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for snmptotgetnextreqs</td><tr><tr><td>snmptotgetbulkreqs</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP Get-Bulk PDUs that have been accepted and pro?cessed.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpgetbulkreqsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for snmptotgetbulkreqs</td><tr><tr><td>snmptotresponses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP Get-Response PDUs that have been generated by the NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpresponsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for snmptotresponses</td><tr><tr><td>snmptottraps</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP Trap PDUs that have been generated by the NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>snmptoterrreqdropped</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP requests dropped.</td><tr><tr><td>snmptotparseerrs</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of ASN.1 or BER errors encountered when decoding received SNMP Messages.</td><tr><tr><td>snmptotbadversions</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of SNMP messages received, which were for an unsupported SNMP version.</td><tr><tr><td>snmptotbadcommname</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP messages received, which used an SNMP community name not known to the NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>snmptotbadcommuse</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>The total number of SNMP Messages received that represented an SNMP operation which was not allowed by the SNMP community named in the Message.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpunsupportedsecuritylevel</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP packets that were dropped because they requested a security level that was unknown to the NetScaler or otherwise unavailable.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpnotintimewindow</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP packets that were dropped because they appeared outside of the authoritative SNMP engines window.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpunknownusername</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP packets that were dropped because they referenced a user that was not known to the SNMP engine.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpunknownengineids</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP packets that were dropped because they referenced an SNMP engine ID that was not known to the NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpwrongdigests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP packets that were dropped because they did not contain the expected digest value.</td><tr><tr><td>snmpdecryptionerrors</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>SNMP packets that were dropped because they could not be decrypted.</td><tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#properties))</span>


[GET (ALL)](#get-(all))


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b> NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b> NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b> In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span> and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get (all)



URL: http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/snmp
Query-parameters:
args
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/snmp?args=detail:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,fullvalues:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,ntimes:&lt;Double_value&gt;,logfile:&lt;String_value&gt;,clearstats:&lt;String_value&gt;
Use this query-parameter to get snmp resources based on additional properties.



HTTP Method: GET
Request Headers:

Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=&lt;tokenvalue&gt;Accept:application/json

Response:
HTTP Status Code on Success: 200 OKHTTP Status Code on Failure: 4xx &lt;string&gt; (for general HTTP errors) or 5xx &lt;string&gt; (for NetScaler-specific errors). The response payload provides details of the errorResponse Headers:

Content-Type:application/json

Response Payload: ```{ "snmp": [ {      "snmpdecryptionerrors":<Double_value>,      "snmptotresponses":<Double_value>,      "snmptotbadcommuse":<Double_value>,      "snmptoterrreqdropped":<Double_value>,      "snmpgetnextreqsrate":<Double_value>,      "snmptotrxpkts":<Double_value>,      "snmptottxpkts":<Double_value>,      "snmptotparseerrs":<Double_value>,      "snmptottraps":<Double_value>,      "snmptotbadversions":<Double_value>,      "snmptxpktsrate":<Double_value>,      "snmpresponsesrate":<Double_value>,      "snmpgetreqsrate":<Double_value>,      "snmptotbadcommname":<Double_value>,      "snmptotgetnextreqs":<Double_value>,      "snmpunknownengineids":<Double_value>,      "snmpwrongdigests":<Double_value>,      "snmpgetbulkreqsrate":<Double_value>,      "snmpnotintimewindow":<Double_value>,      "snmptotgetbulkreqs":<Double_value>,      "snmpunknownusername":<Double_value>,      "snmpunsupportedsecuritylevel":<Double_value>,      "snmptotgetreqs":<Double_value>,      "snmprxpktsrate":<Double_value>}]}```



