#system

Statistics for system.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#operations))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th> Data Type</th><th> Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>clearstats</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Clear the statsistics / counters.&lt;br>Possible values = basic, full</td><tr><tr><td>voltagev12n</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Power supply -12V output. Acceptable range is -13.20 through -10.80 volts. 9800 and 9960 platforms display standard value of -12.0V.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagev5n</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Power supply -5V output. Acceptable range is -5.50 through -4.50 volts. 9800 and 9960 platforms display standard value of -5.0V.</td><tr><tr><td>cpuusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU utilization percentage.</td><tr><tr><td>rescpuusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Shows average CPU utilization percentage if more than 1 CPU is present.</td><tr><tr><td>slavecpuusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU 1 (currently the slave CPU) utilization, as percentage of capacity. Not applicable for a single-CPU system.</td><tr><tr><td>mastercpuusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU 0 (currently the master CPU) utilization, as percentage of capacity.</td><tr><tr><td>auxvolt7</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Voltage of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 7.</td><tr><tr><td>auxvolt6</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Voltage of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 6.</td><tr><tr><td>auxvolt5</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Voltage of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 5.</td><tr><tr><td>auxvolt4</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Voltage of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 4.</td><tr><tr><td>auxvolt3</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Voltage of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 3.</td><tr><tr><td>auxvolt2</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Voltage of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 2.</td><tr><tr><td>auxvolt1</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Voltage of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 1.</td><tr><tr><td>auxvolt0</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Voltage of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 0.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagevsen2</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Voltage Sensor 2 Input. Currently only 13k Platforms will have valid value for this counter and for older platforms this will be 0.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagev5sb</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Power Supply 5V Standby Voltage. Currently only 13k Platforms will have valid value for this counter and for older platforms this will be 0.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagevtt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Intel CPU Vtt power. Currently only 13k Platforms will have valid value for this counter and for older platforms this will be 0.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagevbat</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Onboard battery power supply output. 9800 and 9950 platforms display standard value of 5.0V.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagev12p</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Power supply +12V output. Acceptable range is 10.80 through 13.20 volts.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagev5p</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Power supply +5V output. Acceptable range is 4.50 through 5.50 volts.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagev33stby</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Standby power supply +3.3V output. Acceptable range is 2.970 through 3.630 volts. 9800 and 9960 platforms display standard value of 3.3V. You can configure Standby 3.3V Supply Voltage by using the Set snmp alarm VOLTAGE-LOW command to set the lower limit and the Set snmp alarm VOLTAGE-HIGH command to set the upper limit.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagev33main</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Main power supply +3.3V output. Acceptable range is 2.970 through 3.630 volts. This is a critical counter. You can configure Main 3.3V Supply Voltage, by using the Set snmp alarm VOLTAGE-LOW command to set the lower limit and the Set snmp alarm VOLTAGE-HIGH command to set the upper limit.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagevcc1</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU core 1 voltage. Acceptable range is 1.080 through 1.650 volts. If CPU 1 is not connected to the health monitoring chip, display shows voltage of CPU 0.</td><tr><tr><td>voltagevcc0</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU core 0 voltage. Acceptable range is 1.080 through 1.650 volts.</td><tr><tr><td>numcpus</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>The number of CPUs on the NetScaler appliance.</td><tr><tr><td>memusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Percentage of memory utilization on NetScaler.</td><tr><tr><td>memuseinmb</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Main memory currently in use, in megabytes.</td><tr><tr><td>addimgmtcpuusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Additonal Management CPU utilization percentage.</td><tr><tr><td>mgmtcpu0usagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Management CPU-0 utilization percentage.</td><tr><tr><td>mgmtcpuusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Average Management CPU utilization percentage.</td><tr><tr><td>pktcpuusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Average CPU utilization percentage for all packet engines excluding management PE.</td><tr><tr><td>cpuusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU utilization percentage.</td><tr><tr><td>rescpuusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Average CPU utilization percentage. Not applicable for a single-CPU system.</td><tr><tr><td>starttime</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Time when the NetScaler appliance was last started.</td><tr><tr><td>disk0perusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Used space in /flash partition of the disk, as a percentage. This is a critical counter. You can configure /flash Used (%) by using the Set snmp alarm DISK-USAGE-HIGH command.</td><tr><tr><td>disk1perusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Used space in /var partition of the disk, as a percentage. This is a critical counter. You can configure /var Used (%) by using the Set snmp alarm DISK-USAGE-HIGH command.</td><tr><tr><td>cpufan0speed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU Fan 0 speed. Acceptable range is 3000 through 6000 RPM. This is a critical counter. You can configure CPU Fan 0 Speed by using the Set snmp alarm FAN-SPEED-LOW command to set the lower limit.</td><tr><tr><td>cpufan1speed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU Fan 1 speed. Acceptable range is 3000 through 6000 RPM. 7000 platform displays speed of CPU fan 0. This is a critical counter. You can configure CPU Fan 1 Speed by using the Set snmp alarm FAN-SPEED-LOW command to set the lower limit.</td><tr><tr><td>systemfanspeed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>System fan speed. Acceptable range is 3000 through 6000 RPM. This is a critical counter. You can configure System Fan Speed by using the Set snmp alarm FAN-SPEED-LOW command to set the lower limit.</td><tr><tr><td>fan0speed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>System fan 1 speed. For new platforms associated pin is connected to CPU supporting fans. For platforms in which it is not connected, it will point to System Fan.</td><tr><tr><td>fanspeed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>System fan 2 speed. For new platforms associated pin is connected to CPU supporting fans. For platforms in which it is not connected, it will point to System Fan</td><tr><tr><td>cpu0temp</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU 0 temperature. 9800 and 9960 platforms display internal chip temperature. This is a critical counter. You can configure CPU 0 Temperature by using the Set snmp alarm TEMPERATURE-HIGH command to set the upper limit.</td><tr><tr><td>cpu1temp</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU 1 temperature. 9800 and 9960 platforms display internal chip temperature. 7000, 9010 and 10010 platforms display CPU 0 temperature. This is a critical counter. You can configure CPU 1 Temperature by using the Set snmp alarm TEMPERATURE-HIGH command to set the upper limit.</td><tr><tr><td>internaltemp</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Internal temperature of health monitoring chip. This is a critical counter. You can configure Internal Temperature by using the Set snmp alarm TEMPERATURE-HIGH command to set the upper limit.</td><tr><tr><td>powersupply1status</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Power supply 1 failure status.</td><tr><tr><td>powersupply2status</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Power supply 2 failure status.</td><tr><tr><td>powersupply3status</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Power supply 3 failure status.</td><tr><tr><td>powersupply4status</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Power supply 4 failure status.</td><tr><tr><td>disk0size</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Size of /flash partition of the hard disk.</td><tr><tr><td>disk0used</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Used space in /flash partition of the hard disk.</td><tr><tr><td>disk0avail</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Available space in /flash partition of the hard disk.</td><tr><tr><td>disk1size</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Size of /var partition of the hard disk.</td><tr><tr><td>disk1used</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Used space in /var partition of the hard disk.</td><tr><tr><td>disk1avail</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Available space in /var partition of the hard disk.</td><tr><tr><td>fan2speed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Speed of Fan 0 if associated pin is connected to health monitoring chip.</td><tr><tr><td>fan3speed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Speed of Fan 1 if associated pin is connected to health monitoring chip.</td><tr><tr><td>fan4speed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Speed of Fan 2 if associated pin is connected to health monitoring chip.</td><tr><tr><td>fan5speed</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Speed of Fan 3 if associated pin is connected to health monitoring chip.</td><tr><tr><td>auxtemp0</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Temperature of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 0.</td><tr><tr><td>auxtemp1</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Temperature of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 1.</td><tr><tr><td>auxtemp2</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Temperature of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 2.</td><tr><tr><td>auxtemp3</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Temperature of a device connected to health monitoring chip through pin 3.</td><tr><tr><td>timesincestart</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Seconds since the NetScaler appliance started.</td><tr><tr><td>memsizemb</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total amount of system memory, in megabytes.</td><tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#properties))</span>


[GET (ALL)](#get-(all))


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b> NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b> NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b> In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span> and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get (all)



URL: http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/system
Query-parameters:
args
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/system?args=detail:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,fullvalues:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,ntimes:&lt;Double_value&gt;,logfile:&lt;String_value&gt;,clearstats:&lt;String_value&gt;
Use this query-parameter to get system resources based on additional properties.



HTTP Method: GET
Request Headers:

Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=&lt;tokenvalue&gt;Accept:application/json

Response:
HTTP Status Code on Success: 200 OKHTTP Status Code on Failure: 4xx &lt;string&gt; (for general HTTP errors) or 5xx &lt;string&gt; (for NetScaler-specific errors). The response payload provides details of the errorResponse Headers:

Content-Type:application/json

Response Payload: ```{ "system": [ {      "voltagevbat":<Double_value>,      "auxvolt2":<Double_value>,      "addimgmtcpuusagepcnt":<Double_value>,      "voltagev5n":<Double_value>,      "auxvolt7":<Double_value>,      "cpu0temp":<Double_value>,      "fan0speed":<Double_value>,      "disk1perusage":<Double_value>,      "rescpuusagepcnt":<Double_value>,      "disk1used":<Double_value>,      "disk1avail":<Double_value>,      "fan4speed":<Double_value>,      "rescpuusage":<Double_value>,      "powersupply3status":<String_value>,      "auxvolt5":<Double_value>,      "auxvolt3":<Double_value>,      "disk0perusage":<Double_value>,      "fan2speed":<Double_value>,      "powersupply4status":<String_value>,      "auxvolt1":<Double_value>,      "fanspeed":<Double_value>,      "fan5speed":<Double_value>,      "disk0size":<Double_value>,      "mgmtcpuusagepcnt":<Double_value>,      "cpuusage":<Double_value>,      "voltagev5sb":<Double_value>,      "disk0used":<Double_value>,      "powersupply1status":<String_value>,      "cpufan0speed":<Double_value>,      "disk1size":<Double_value>,      "auxtemp1":<Double_value>,      "numcpus":<Double_value>,      "pktcpuusagepcnt":<Double_value>,      "voltagev5p":<Double_value>,      "voltagevsen2":<Double_value>,      "auxvolt0":<Double_value>,      "auxtemp2":<Double_value>,      "memsizemb":<Double_value>,      "voltagev33main":<Double_value>,      "cpu1temp":<Double_value>,      "voltagev12n":<Double_value>,      "memuseinmb":<Double_value>,      "auxtemp3":<Double_value>,      "internaltemp":<Double_value>,      "voltagev12p":<Double_value>,      "disk0avail":<Double_value>,      "voltagev33stby":<Double_value>,      "voltagevcc1":<Double_value>,      "fan3speed":<Double_value>,      "voltagevtt":<Double_value>,      "auxtemp0":<Double_value>,      "cpufan1speed":<Double_value>,      "voltagevcc0":<Double_value>,      "auxvolt4":<Double_value>,      "starttime":<String_value>,      "systemfanspeed":<Double_value>,      "cpuusagepcnt":<Double_value>,      "mastercpuusage":<Double_value>,      "timesincestart":<String_value>,      "mgmtcpu0usagepcnt":<Double_value>,      "auxvolt6":<Double_value>,      "slavecpuusage":<Double_value>,      "memusagepcnt":<Double_value>,      "powersupply2status":<String_value>}]}```



