#ns

Statistics for ns.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#opera))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>clearstats</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Clear the statsistics / counters.<br>Possible values = basic, full</td></tr><tr><td>rescpuusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Average CPU utilization percentage. Not applicable for a single-CPU system.</td></tr><tr><td>cpuusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU utilization percentage.</td></tr><tr><td>cachemaxmemorykb</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Largest amount of memory the NetScaler can dedicate to caching, up to 50% of available memory. A 0 value disables caching, but the caching module continues to run.</td></tr><tr><td>delcmpratio</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Ratio of compressible data received to compressed data transmitted.If this ratio is one (uncmp:1.0) that means compression is disabled or we are not able to compress even a single compressible packet.</td></tr><tr><td>rescpuusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Shows average CPU utilization percentage if more than 1 CPU is present.</td></tr><tr><td>cpuusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>CPU utilization percentage.</td></tr><tr><td>resmemusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Percentage of memory utilization on NetScaler.</td></tr><tr><td>comptotaldatacompressionratio</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Ratio of total HTTP data received to total HTTP data transmitted.</td></tr><tr><td>compratio</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Ratio of the compressible data received from the server to the compressed data sent to the client.</td></tr><tr><td>cacheutilizedmemorykb</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Amount of memory the integrated cache is currently using.</td></tr><tr><td>cachemaxmemoryactivekb</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Currently active value of maximum memory</td></tr><tr><td>cache64maxmemorykb</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Largest amount of memory the NetScaler can dedicate to caching, up to 50% of available memory. A 0 value disables caching, but the caching module continues to run.</td></tr><tr><td>cachepercentoriginbandwidthsaved</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Percentage of origin bandwidth saved, expressed as number of bytes served from the integrated cache divided by all bytes served. The assumption is that all compression is done in the NetScaler.</td></tr><tr><td>cachetotmisses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Intercepted HTTP requests requiring fetches from origin server.</td></tr><tr><td>cachemissesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for cachetotmisses</td></tr><tr><td>cachetothits</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Responses served from the integrated cache. These responses match a policy with a CACHE action.</td></tr><tr><td>cachehitsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for cachetothits</td></tr><tr><td>sslnumcardsup</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of SSL cards that are UP. If the number of cards UP is lower than a threshold, a failover is initiated.</td></tr><tr><td>memusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Percentage of memory utilization on NetScaler.</td></tr><tr><td>memuseinmb</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Main memory currently in use, in megabytes.</td></tr><tr><td>mgmtcpuusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Average Management CPU utilization percentage.</td></tr><tr><td>pktcpuusagepcnt</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Average CPU utilization percentage for all packet engines excluding management PE.</td></tr><tr><td>starttime</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Time when the NetScaler appliance was last started.</td></tr><tr><td>transtime</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Time when the last master state transition occurred. You can use this statistic for debugging.</td></tr><tr><td>hacurstate</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>State of the HA node, based on its health, in a high availability setup. Possible values are: UP - Indicates that the node is accessible and can function as either a primary or secondary node. DISABLED - Indicates that the high availability status of the node has been manually disabled. Synchronization and propagation cannot take place between the peer nodes. INIT - Indicates that the node is in the process of becoming part of the high availability configuration. PARTIALFAIL - Indicates that one of the high availability monitored interfaces has failed because of a card or link failure. This state triggers a failover. COMPLETEFAIL - Indicates that all the interfaces of the node are unusable, because the interfaces on which high availability monitoring is enabled are not connected or are manually disabled. This state triggers a failover. DUMB - Indicates that the node is in listening mode. It does not participate in high availability transitions or transfer configuration from the peer node. This is a configured value, not a statistic. PARTIALFAILSSL - Indicates that the SSL card has failed. This state triggers a failover. ROUTEMONITORFAIL - Indicates that the route monitor has failed. This state triggers a failover.</td></tr><tr><td>hacurmasterstate</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Indicates the high availability state of the node. Possible values are: STAYSECONDARY - Indicates that the selected node remains the secondary node in a high availability setup. In this case a forced failover does not change the state but, instead, returns an appropriate error message. This is a configured value and not a statistic. PRIMARY - Indicates that the selected node is the primary node in a high availability setup. SECONDARY - Indicates that the selected node is the secondary node in a high availability setup. CLAIMING - Indicates that the secondary node is in the process of taking over as the primary node. This is the intermediate state in the transition of the secondary node to primary status. FORCE CHANGE - Indicates that the secondary node is forcibly changing its status to primary due to a forced failover issued on the secondary node.</td></tr><tr><td>sslcards</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of SSL crypto cards present on the NetScaler appliance.</td></tr><tr><td>disk0perusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Used space in /flash partition of the disk, as a percentage. This is a critical counter. You can configure /flash Used (%) by using the Set snmp alarm DISK-USAGE-HIGH command.</td></tr><tr><td>disk1perusage</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Used space in /var partition of the disk, as a percentage. This is a critical counter. You can configure /var Used (%) by using the Set snmp alarm DISK-USAGE-HIGH command.</td></tr><tr><td>disk0avail</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Available space in /flash partition of the hard disk.</td></tr><tr><td>disk1avail</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Available space in /var partition of the hard disk.</td></tr><tr><td>totrxmbits</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of megabytes received by the NetScaler appliance.</td></tr><tr><td>rxmbitsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for totrxmbits</td></tr><tr><td>tottxmbits</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of megabytes transmitted by the NetScaler appliance.</td></tr><tr><td>txmbitsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for tottxmbits</td></tr><tr><td>tcpcurclientconn</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Client connections, including connections in the Opening, Established, and Closing state.</td></tr><tr><td>tcpcurclientconnestablished</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Current client connections in the Established state, which indicates that data transfer can occur between the NetScaler and the client.</td></tr><tr><td>tcpcurserverconn</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Server connections, including connections in the Opening, Established, and Closing state.</td></tr><tr><td>tcpcurserverconnestablished</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Current server connections in the Established state, which indicates that data transfer can occur between the NetScaler and the server.</td></tr><tr><td>httptotrequests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP requests received.</td></tr><tr><td>httprequestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotrequests</td></tr><tr><td>httptotresponses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of HTTP responses sent.</td></tr><tr><td>httpresponsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotresponses</td></tr><tr><td>httptotrxrequestbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of bytes of HTTP request data received.</td></tr><tr><td>httprxrequestbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotrxrequestbytes</td></tr><tr><td>httptotrxresponsebytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of bytes of HTTP response data received.</td></tr><tr><td>httprxresponsebytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for httptotrxresponsebytes</td></tr><tr><td>ssltottransactions</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of SSL transactions on the NetScaler appliance.</td></tr><tr><td>ssltransactionsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for ssltottransactions</td></tr><tr><td>ssltotsessionhits</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of SSL session reuse hits on the NetScaler appliance.</td></tr><tr><td>sslsessionhitsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for ssltotsessionhits</td></tr><tr><td>appfirewallrequests</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>HTTP/HTTPS requests sent to your protected web servers via the Application Firewall.</td></tr><tr><td>appfirewallrequestsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for appfirewallrequests</td></tr><tr><td>appfirewallresponses</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>HTTP/HTTPS responses sent by your protected web servers via the Application Firewall.</td></tr><tr><td>appfirewallresponsesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for appfirewallresponses</td></tr><tr><td>appfirewallaborts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Incomplete HTTP/HTTPS requests aborted by the client before the Application Firewall could finish processing them.</td></tr><tr><td>appfirewallabortsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for appfirewallaborts</td></tr><tr><td>appfirewallredirects</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>HTTP/HTTPS requests redirected by the Application Firewall to a different Web page or web server. (HTTP 302)</td></tr><tr><td>appfirewallredirectsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for appfirewallredirects</td></tr><tr><td>misccounter0</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Miscellaneous Counter 0.</td></tr><tr><td>misccounter1</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Miscellaneous Counter 1.</td></tr><tr><td>numcpus</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>The number of CPUs on the NetScaler appliance.</td></tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#prope))</span>


[GET (ALL)](#get-)


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b>NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b>NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b>In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span>and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get (all)



<b>URL:</b>http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/ns
<b>Query-parameters:</b>
<b>args</b>
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/ns?<b>args=detail:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,fullvalues:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,ntimes:&lt;Double_value&gt;,logfile:&lt;String_value&gt;,clearstats:&lt;String_value&gt;</b>
Use this query-parameter to get ns resources based on additional properties.



<b>HTTP Method:</b>GET
<b>Request Headers:</b>

Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=&lt;tokenvalue&gt;Accept:application/json

<b>Response:</b>
HTTP Status Code on Success: 200 OKHTTP Status Code on Failure: 4xx &lt;string&gt; (for general HTTP errors) or 5xx &lt;string&gt; (for NetScaler-specific errors). The response payload provides details of the error<b>Response Headers:</b>

Content-Type:application/json

<b>Response Payload: </b>```{ "ns": [ {"appfirewallredirectsrate":<Double_value>,"ssltottransactions":<Double_value>,"sslnumcardsup":<Double_value>,"hacurmasterstate":<String_value>,"httprxrequestbytesrate":<Double_value>,"httptotrxresponsebytes":<Double_value>,"disk1perusage":<Double_value>,"rescpuusagepcnt":<Double_value>,"appfirewallresponsesrate":<Double_value>,"delcmpratio":<Double_value>,"appfirewallresponses":<Double_value>,"comptotaldatacompressionratio":<Double_value>,"httprxresponsebytesrate":<Double_value>,"disk0perusage":<Double_value>,"appfirewallabortsrate":<Double_value>,"appfirewallrequestsrate":<Double_value>,"ssltotsessionhits":<Double_value>,"appfirewallredirects":<Double_value>,"mgmtcpuusagepcnt":<Double_value>,"cpuusage":<Double_value>,"httptotresponses":<Double_value>,"compratio":<Double_value>,"memuseinmb":<Double_value>,"sslsessionhitsrate":<Double_value>,"resmemusage":<Double_value>,"cache64maxmemorykb":<Double_value>,"starttime":<String_value>,"cachepercentoriginbandwidthsaved":<Double_value>,"misccounter0":<Double_value>,"memusagepcnt":<Double_value>,"cachehitsrate":<Double_value>,"transtime":<String_value>,"cacheutilizedmemorykb":<Double_value>,"appfirewallaborts":<Double_value>,"disk1avail":<Double_value>,"tcpcurserverconnestablished":<Double_value>,"tcpcurclientconn":<Double_value>,"tcpcurserverconn":<Double_value>,"rescpuusage":<Double_value>,"appfirewallrequests":<Double_value>,"totrxmbits":<Double_value>,"tottxmbits":<Double_value>,"cachemissesrate":<Double_value>,"cachemaxmemorykb":<Double_value>,"httptotrequests":<Double_value>,"cachetothits":<Double_value>,"misccounter1":<Double_value>,"numcpus":<Double_value>,"pktcpuusagepcnt":<Double_value>,"ssltransactionsrate":<Double_value>,"httprequestsrate":<Double_value>,"cachemaxmemoryactivekb":<Double_value>,"httpresponsesrate":<Double_value>,"disk0avail":<Double_value>,"txmbitsrate":<Double_value>,"sslcards":<Double_value>,"hacurstate":<String_value>,"rxmbitsrate":<Double_value>,"tcpcurclientconnestablished":<Double_value>,"cpuusagepcnt":<Double_value>,"cachetotmisses":<Double_value>,"httptotrxrequestbytes":<Double_value>}]}```



