#TD ERRORS

#TD ERRORS



<table><thead><tr><th>Error Code</th><th>Error Code(Decimal)</th><th>Error Code(Hex)</th><th>Error Message</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>NSERR_TD_EXISTS</td><td>944</td><td>0x3b0</td><td>The specified traffic domain is already configured.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_VLAN</td><td>945</td><td>0x3b1</td><td>The specified VLAN/VXLAN/bridge group is already bound to another traffic domain. These entities can belong to only one traffic domain.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_NOTEXIST</td><td>946</td><td>0x3b2</td><td>The specified traffic domain is not configured.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_MISMATCH_WITH_L3VLAN</td><td>947</td><td>0x3b3</td><td>L3 VLANs can not be bound to a traffic domain.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_MISMATCH</td><td>948</td><td>0x3b4</td><td>The binding entities have incompatible traffic domain identifiers.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_NOSUPP</td><td>949</td><td>0x3b5</td><td>This feature is not supported in a non-default traffic domain.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_CONFIG_NOT_ALLOWED</td><td>950</td><td>0x3b6</td><td>This configuration option is not supported in a non-default traffic domain.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_IP_NOTEXIST</td><td>951</td><td>0x3b7</td><td>The IP address is not configured for the specified traffic domain.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_VLAN_NOTEXIST</td><td>952</td><td>0x3b8</td><td>The specified VLAN is not configured.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_DEFVLAN</td><td>953</td><td>0x3b9</td><td>Default VLAN cannot be bound/unbound to/from traffic domain.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_BDG_NOTEXIST</td><td>954</td><td>0x3ba</td><td>The specified bridge group is not configured.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_VLAN_BDG_EXIST</td><td>955</td><td>0x3bb</td><td>Operation not permitted. The specified VLAN is already bound to a bridge group.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_SERVER_MISMATCH</td><td>956</td><td>0x3bc</td><td>The specified virtual server already bound to a service in a different traffic domain.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_DIFF_TD_NALLOWED_LLB</td><td>957</td><td>0x3bd</td><td>Not allowed for LLB: Services bound to the specified virtual server must be in same traffic domain.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_DUPIP</td><td>958</td><td>0x3be</td><td>IP address duplication with VMAC address detected. Please try a different IP address.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_VMAC_VLAN</td><td>959</td><td>0x3bf</td><td>Traffic domain can be either VLAN based or VMAC based.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_SYNCVLAN</td><td>960</td><td>0x3c0</td><td>SYNC VLAN cannot be bound/unbound to/from traffic domain.</td><tr><tr><td>NSERR_TD_NOT_VLAN</td><td>961</td><td>0x3c1</td><td>The specified VLAN/VXLAN/bridge group is not bound to given traffic domain.</td><tr></tbody></table>
