#Interface

Statistics for interface resource.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#opera))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>id</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Interface number, in C/U format, where C can take one of the following values:<br>* 0 - Indicates a management interface.<br>* 1 - Indicates a 1 Gbps port.<br>* 10 - Indicates a 10 Gbps port.<br>* LA - Indicates a link aggregation port.<br>* LO - Indicates a loop back port.<br>U is a unique integer for representing an interface in a particular port group.</td></tr><tr><td>clearstats</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Clear the statsistics / counters.<br>Possible values = basic, full</td></tr><tr><td>curintfstate</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Current state of the specified interface. The interface state set to UP only if the link state is UP and administrative state is ENABLED .</td></tr><tr><td>curlinkuptime</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Duration for which the link is UP. This statistic is reset when the state changes to DOWN.</td></tr><tr><td>curlinkdowntime</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Duration for which the link is DOWN. This statistic is reset when the state changes to UP.</td></tr><tr><td>totrxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of bytes received by an interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared.</td></tr><tr><td>rxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for totrxbytes</td></tr><tr><td>tottxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of bytes transmitted by an interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared.</td></tr><tr><td>txbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for tottxbytes</td></tr><tr><td>totrxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of packets received by an interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared.</td></tr><tr><td>rxpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for totrxpkts</td></tr><tr><td>tottxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of packets transmitted by an interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared.</td></tr><tr><td>txpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for tottxpkts</td></tr><tr><td>jumbopktsreceived</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of Jumbo Packets received on this interface.</td></tr><tr><td>jumbopktsreceivedrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for jumbopktsreceived</td></tr><tr><td>jumbopktstransmitted</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of Jumbo packets transmitted on this interface by upper layer, with TSO enabled actual trasmission size could be non Jumbo.</td></tr><tr><td>jumbopktstransmittedrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for jumbopktstransmitted</td></tr><tr><td>trunkpktsreceived</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of Tagged Packets received on this Trunk interface through Allowed VLan List.</td></tr><tr><td>trunkpktsreceivedrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for trunkpktsreceived</td></tr><tr><td>trunkpktstransmitted</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of Tagged Packets transmitted on this Trunk interface through Allowed VLan List.</td></tr><tr><td>trunkpktstransmittedrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for trunkpktstransmitted</td></tr><tr><td>nictotmulticastpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of multicast packets received by the specified interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared.</td></tr><tr><td>nicmulticastpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for nictotmulticastpkts</td></tr><tr><td>totnetscalerpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of packets, destined to the NetScaler, received by an interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared. The packets destined to NetScaler are those that have the same MAC address as that of an interface or a VMAC address owned by the NetScaler.</td></tr><tr><td>netscalerpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for totnetscalerpkts</td></tr><tr><td>rxlacpdu</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of Link Aggregation Control Protocol Data Units(LACPDUs) received by the specified interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared.</td></tr><tr><td>rxlacpdurate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for rxlacpdu</td></tr><tr><td>txlacpdu</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of Link Aggregation Control Protocol Data Units(LACPDUs) transmitted by the specified interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared.</td></tr><tr><td>txlacpdurate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for txlacpdu</td></tr><tr><td>errpktrx</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of inbound packets dropped by the hardware on a specified interface once the NetScaler appliance starts or the interface statistics are cleared. This happens due to following reasons: 1) The hardware receives packets at a rate higher rate than that at which the software is processing packets. In this case, the hardware FIFO overruns and starts dropping the packets . 2) The specified interface fails to receive inbound packets from the appliance because of insufficient memory. 3) The specified interface receives packets with CRC errors (Alignment or Frame Check Sequence). 4) The specified interface receives overly long packets. 5) The specified interface receives packets with alignment errors. 6) The software does less buffering because it is running out of available memory. When hardware detects that there is no space into which to push newly arrived packets, it starts dropping them. 7) The specified interface receives packets with Frame Check Sequence (FCS) errors. 8) The specified interface receives packets smaller than 64 bytes. 9) The specified interface discards error-free inbound packets because of insufficient resources. For example: NIC buffers. 10) Packets are missed because of collision detection, link lost, physical decoding error, or MAC abort.</td></tr><tr><td>errpktrxrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for errpktrx</td></tr><tr><td>errpkttx</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of outbound packets dropped by the hardware on a specified interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared. This could happen due to length (undersize or oversize) errors and lack of resources. This statistic is available only for: (1) Loop back interface (LO) of all platforms. (2) All data ports on the NetScaler 12000 platform. (3) Management ports on the MPX 15000 and 17000 platforms.</td></tr><tr><td>errpkttxrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for errpkttx</td></tr><tr><td>errifindiscards</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of error-free inbound packets discarded by the specified interface due to a lack of resources, for example, insufficient receive buffers.</td></tr><tr><td>errifindiscardsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for errifindiscards</td></tr><tr><td>nicerrifoutdiscards</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of error-free outbound packets discarded by the specified interface due to a lack of resources. This statistic is not available on: (1) 10G ports of NetScaler MPX 12500/12500/15500-10G platforms. (2) 10G data ports on NetScaler MPX 17500/19500/21500 platforms.</td></tr><tr><td>nicerrifoutdiscardsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for nicerrifoutdiscards</td></tr><tr><td>errdroppedrxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of inbound packets dropped by the specified interface. Commonly dropped packets are multicast frames, spanning tree BPDUs, packets destined to a MAC not owned by the NetScaler when L2 mode is disabled, or packets tagged for a VLAN that is not bound to the interface. This statistic will increment in most healthy networks at a steady rate regardless of traffic load. If a sharp spike in dropped packets occurs, it generally indicates an issue with connected L2 switches, such as a forwarding database overflow resulting in packets being broadcast on all ports.</td></tr><tr><td>errdroppedrxpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for errdroppedrxpkts</td></tr><tr><td>errdroppedtxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of packets dropped in transmission by the specified interface due to one of the following reasons. (1) VLAN mismatch. (2) Oversized packets. (3) Interface congestion. (4) Loopback packets sent on non loop back interface.</td></tr><tr><td>errdroppedtxpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for errdroppedtxpkts</td></tr><tr><td>errlinkhangs</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the specified interface detected hangs in the transmit and receive paths since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared.</td></tr><tr><td>nicstsstalls</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the status updates for a specified interface were stalled since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared. A status stall is detected when the status of the interface is not updated by the NIC hardware within 0.8 seconds of the last update.</td></tr><tr><td>nictxstalls</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the interface stalled, when transmitting packets, since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared. Transmit (Tx) stalls are detected when a packet posted for transmission is not transmitted in 4 seconds.</td></tr><tr><td>nicrxstalls</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the interface stalled, when receiving packets, since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared. Receive (Rx) stalls are detected when the following conditions are met: (1)The link is up for more than 10 minutes. (2)Packets are transmitted, but no packets is received for 16 seconds.</td></tr><tr><td>nicerrdisables</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the specified interface is disabled by the NetScaler, due to continuous Receive (Rx) or Transmit (Tx) stalls, since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared. The NetScaler disables an interface when one of the following conditions is met: (1) Three consecutive transmit stalls occurs with at most gap of 10 seconds between any two stalls. (2) Three consecutive receive stalls occurs with at most gap of 120 seconds between any two stalls.</td></tr><tr><td>errduplexmismatch</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times duplex mismatches were detected on the specified interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared. A mismatch will occur if the duplex mode is not identically set on both ends of the link. This statistic is only available on the NetScaler Classic edition.</td></tr><tr><td>linkreinits</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the link has been re-initialized. A re-initialization occurs due to link state change, configuration parameter change, or administrative reset operation.</td></tr><tr><td>totmacmoved</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of MAC moves between ports. If a high rate of MAC moves is observed, it is likely that there is a bridge loop between two interfaces.</td></tr><tr><td>macmovedrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for totmacmoved</td></tr><tr><td>errnicmuted</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of times the specified interface stopped transmitting and receiving packets due to MAC moves between ports.</td></tr><tr><td>rxcrcerrors</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Number of packets received with the wrong checksum by the specified interface since the NetScaler appliance was started or the interface statistics were cleared. This indicates the number of Jabber frames received instead of CRC errors on the 10G data ports of NetScaler 12000-10G platform and the data ports of NetScaler MPX 15000 and 17000 platforms.</td></tr><tr><td>rxcrcerrorsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for rxcrcerrors</td></tr><tr><td>interfacealias</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Alias Name for the Interface</td></tr><tr><td>curlinkstate</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-only</td><td>The current state of the link associated with the interface. For logical interfaces (LA), the state of the link is dependent on the state of the slave interfaces. For the link to be UP at least one of the slave interfaces needs to be UP.</td></tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#prope))</span>


[GET (ALL)](#get-)| [GET]()


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b>NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b>NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b>In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span>and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get (all)



<b>URL:</b>http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/Interface
<b>Query-parameters:</b>
<b>args</b>
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/Interface?<b>args=id:&lt;String_value&gt;,detail:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,fullvalues:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,ntimes:&lt;Double_value&gt;,logfile:&lt;String_value&gt;,clearstats:&lt;String_value&gt;</b>
Use this query-parameter to get Interface resources based on additional properties.



<b>HTTP Method:</b>GET
<b>Request Headers:</b>

Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=&lt;tokenvalue&gt;Accept:application/json

<b>Response:</b>
HTTP Status Code on Success: 200 OKHTTP Status Code on Failure: 4xx &lt;string&gt; (for general HTTP errors) or 5xx &lt;string&gt; (for NetScaler-specific errors). The response payload provides details of the error<b>Response Headers:</b>

Content-Type:application/json

<b>Response Payload: </b>```{ "Interface": [ {"id":<String_value>,"errpkttx":<Double_value>,"nicrxstalls":<Double_value>,"nictotmulticastpkts":<Double_value>,"jumbopktstransmitted":<Double_value>,"txbytesrate":<Double_value>,"rxlacpdu":<Double_value>,"netscalerpktsrate":<Double_value>,"tottxpkts":<Double_value>,"macmovedrate":<Double_value>,"curintfstate":<String_value>,"errpktrx":<Double_value>,"curlinkdowntime":<String_value>,"rxcrcerrorsrate":<Double_value>,"nicmulticastpktsrate":<Double_value>,"rxbytesrate":<Double_value>,"curlinkuptime":<String_value>,"tottxbytes":<Double_value>,"errdroppedtxpktsrate":<Double_value>,"errpkttxrate":<Double_value>,"nictxstalls":<Double_value>,"rxlacpdurate":<Double_value>,"totnetscalerpkts":<Double_value>,"trunkpktstransmittedrate":<Double_value>,"jumbopktsreceivedrate":<Double_value>,"totrxbytes":<Double_value>,"trunkpktstransmitted":<Double_value>,"linkreinits":<Double_value>,"nicerrdisables":<Double_value>,"txpktsrate":<Double_value>,"jumbopktsreceived":<Double_value>,"txlacpdu":<Double_value>,"errdroppedrxpktsrate":<Double_value>,"errnicmuted":<Double_value>,"errdroppedtxpkts":<Double_value>,"nicerrifoutdiscardsrate":<Double_value>,"errifindiscardsrate":<Double_value>,"trunkpktsreceivedrate":<Double_value>,"nicerrifoutdiscards":<Double_value>,"curlinkstate":<String_value>,"rxcrcerrors":<Double_value>,"errifindiscards":<Double_value>,"interfacealias":<String_value>,"totrxpkts":<Double_value>,"totmacmoved":<Double_value>,"rxpktsrate":<Double_value>,"errduplexmismatch":<Double_value>,"jumbopktstransmittedrate":<Double_value>,"errpktrxrate":<Double_value>,"errlinkhangs":<Double_value>,"errdroppedrxpkts":<Double_value>,"txlacpdurate":<Double_value>,"nicstsstalls":<Double_value>,"trunkpktsreceived":<Double_value>}]}```



###get



<b>URL:</b>http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/Interface/id_value&gt;&lt;String&gt;
<b>HTTP Method:</b>GET
<b>Request Headers:</b>

Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=&lt;tokenvalue&gt;Accept:application/json

<b>Response:</b>
HTTP Status Code on Success: 200 OKHTTP Status Code on Failure: 4xx &lt;string&gt; (for general HTTP errors) or 5xx &lt;string&gt; (for NetScaler-specific errors). The response payload provides details of the error<b>Response Headers:</b>

Content-Type:application/json

<b>Response Payload: </b>```{ "Interface": [ {"id":<String_value>,"errpkttx":<Double_value>,"nicrxstalls":<Double_value>,"nictotmulticastpkts":<Double_value>,"jumbopktstransmitted":<Double_value>,"txbytesrate":<Double_value>,"rxlacpdu":<Double_value>,"netscalerpktsrate":<Double_value>,"tottxpkts":<Double_value>,"macmovedrate":<Double_value>,"curintfstate":<String_value>,"errpktrx":<Double_value>,"curlinkdowntime":<String_value>,"rxcrcerrorsrate":<Double_value>,"nicmulticastpktsrate":<Double_value>,"rxbytesrate":<Double_value>,"curlinkuptime":<String_value>,"tottxbytes":<Double_value>,"errdroppedtxpktsrate":<Double_value>,"errpkttxrate":<Double_value>,"nictxstalls":<Double_value>,"rxlacpdurate":<Double_value>,"totnetscalerpkts":<Double_value>,"trunkpktstransmittedrate":<Double_value>,"jumbopktsreceivedrate":<Double_value>,"totrxbytes":<Double_value>,"trunkpktstransmitted":<Double_value>,"linkreinits":<Double_value>,"nicerrdisables":<Double_value>,"txpktsrate":<Double_value>,"jumbopktsreceived":<Double_value>,"txlacpdu":<Double_value>,"errdroppedrxpktsrate":<Double_value>,"errnicmuted":<Double_value>,"errdroppedtxpkts":<Double_value>,"nicerrifoutdiscardsrate":<Double_value>,"errifindiscardsrate":<Double_value>,"trunkpktsreceivedrate":<Double_value>,"nicerrifoutdiscards":<Double_value>,"curlinkstate":<String_value>,"rxcrcerrors":<Double_value>,"errifindiscards":<Double_value>,"interfacealias":<String_value>,"totrxpkts":<Double_value>,"totmacmoved":<Double_value>,"rxpktsrate":<Double_value>,"errduplexmismatch":<Double_value>,"jumbopktstransmittedrate":<Double_value>,"errpktrxrate":<Double_value>,"errlinkhangs":<Double_value>,"errdroppedrxpkts":<Double_value>,"txlacpdurate":<Double_value>,"nicstsstalls":<Double_value>,"trunkpktsreceived":<Double_value>}]}```



