#protocolicmp

Statistics for icmp resource.


##Properties 
<span>(click to see [Operations](#opera))</span>


<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th>Data Type</th><th>Permissions</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>clearstats</td><td>&lt;String></td><td>Read-write</td><td>Clear the statsistics / counters.<br>Possible values = basic, full</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotrxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP packets received.</td></tr><tr><td>icmprxpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for icmptotrxpkts</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotrxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Bytes of ICMP data received.</td></tr><tr><td>icmprxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for icmptotrxbytes</td></tr><tr><td>icmptottxpkts</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP packets transmitted.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptxpktsrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for icmptottxpkts</td></tr><tr><td>icmptottxbytes</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Bytes of ICMP data transmitted.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptxbytesrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for icmptottxbytes</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotrxechoreply</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Ping echo replies received.</td></tr><tr><td>icmprxechoreplyrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for icmptotrxechoreply</td></tr><tr><td>icmptottxechoreply</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Ping echo replies transmitted.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptxechoreplyrate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for icmptottxechoreply</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotrxecho</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Ping Echo Request and Echo Reply packets received.</td></tr><tr><td>icmprxechorate</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Rate (/s) counter for icmptotrxecho</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotdstiplookup</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Total number of MTU lookup on destination IP info received on a need fragmentation ICMP error message failed.</td></tr><tr><td>icmpcurratethreshold</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Limit for ICMP packets handled every 10 milliseconds. Default value, 0, applies no limit. This is a configurable value using the set rateControl command.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotportunreachablerx</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Port Unreachable error messages received. This error is generated when there is no service is running on the port.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotportunreachabletx</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Port Unreachable error messages generated. This error is generated when there is no service is running on the port.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotneedfragrx</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received for packets that need to be fragmented but for which Don't Fragment is specified the header.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotthresholdexceeds</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>Times the ICMP rate threshold is exceeded. If this counter continuously increases, first make sure the ICMP packets received are genuine. If they are, increase the current rate threshold.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotpktsdropped</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP packets dropped because the rate threshold has been exceeded.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotbadchecksum</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received with an ICMP checksum error.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotnonfirstipfrag</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received that were generated by an IP fragment other than the first one.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotinvalidbodylen</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received that specified an invalid body length.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotnotcpconn</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Need Fragmentation error messages received for TCP packets. The state of the connection for these packets is not maintained on the NetScaler.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotnoudpconn</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Need Fragmentation error messages received for UDP packets. The state of the connection for these packets is not maintained on the NetScaler.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotinvalidtcpseqno</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received for packets that contain an invalid TCP address.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotinvalidnextmtuval</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received in which the Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) for the next hop is out of range. The range for the MTU is 576-1500.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotbignextmtu</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received in which the value for the next MTU is higher than that of the current MTU.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotinvalidprotocol</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received that contain a protocol other than TCP and UDP.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotbadpmtuipchecksum</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received with an IP checksum error.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotpmtunolink</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Fragmentation Needed error messages received on a Protocol Control Block (PCB) with no link. The PCB maintains the state of the connection.</td></tr><tr><td>icmptotpmtudiscoverydisabled</td><td>&lt;Double></td><td>Read-only</td><td>ICMP Need Fragmentation error messages received when the PMTU Discovery mode is not enabled.</td></tr></tbody></table>
##Operations 
<span>(click to see [Properties](#prope))</span>


[GET (ALL)](#get-)


Some options that you can use for each operations:
<ul><li><p><b>Getting warnings in response:</b>NITRO allows you to get warnings in an operation by specifying the "warning" query parameter as "yes". For example, to get warnings while connecting to the NetScaler appliance, the URL is as follows:</p><p>http://<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;</span>/nitro/v1/config/login?warning=yes</p><p>If any, the warnings are displayed in the response payload with the HTTP code "209 X-NITRO-WARNING".</p></li><li><p><b>Authenticated access for individual NITRO operations:</b>NITRO allows you to logon to the NetScaler appliance to perform individual operations. You can use this option instead of creating a NITRO session (using the login object) and then using that session to perform all operations,</p><p>To do this, you must specify the username and password in the request header of the NITRO request as follows:</p><p>X-NITRO-USER:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;username&gt;</span></p><p>X-NITRO-PASS:<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;password&gt;</span></p><p><b>Note:</b>In such cases, make sure that the request header DOES not include the following:</p><p>Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=<span style="color:green;font-style:italic;">&lt;tokenvalue&gt;</span></p></li></ul>



***Note:*** 
Mandatory parameters are marked in <span style="color:#FF0000;">red</span>and placeholder content is marked in <span style="color:green;font-style:italic">&lt;green&gt;</span>.

###get (all)



<b>URL:</b>http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/protocolicmp
<b>Query-parameters:</b>
<b>args</b>
http://&lt;netscaler-ip-address&gt;/nitro/v1/stat/protocolicmp?<b>args=detail:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,fullvalues:&lt;Boolean_value&gt;,ntimes:&lt;Double_value&gt;,logfile:&lt;String_value&gt;,clearstats:&lt;String_value&gt;</b>
Use this query-parameter to get protocolicmp resources based on additional properties.



<b>HTTP Method:</b>GET
<b>Request Headers:</b>

Cookie:NITRO_AUTH_TOKEN=&lt;tokenvalue&gt;Accept:application/json

<b>Response:</b>
HTTP Status Code on Success: 200 OKHTTP Status Code on Failure: 4xx &lt;string&gt; (for general HTTP errors) or 5xx &lt;string&gt; (for NetScaler-specific errors). The response payload provides details of the error<b>Response Headers:</b>

Content-Type:application/json

<b>Response Payload: </b>```{ "protocolicmp": [ {"icmprxbytesrate":<Double_value>,"icmptotthresholdexceeds":<Double_value>,"icmprxechoreplyrate":<Double_value>,"icmptottxechoreply":<Double_value>,"icmptottxpkts":<Double_value>,"icmptotinvalidnextmtuval":<Double_value>,"icmptotrxecho":<Double_value>,"icmptotdstiplookup":<Double_value>,"icmptotnoudpconn":<Double_value>,"icmptottxbytes":<Double_value>,"icmptotrxbytes":<Double_value>,"icmptotportunreachabletx":<Double_value>,"icmpcurratethreshold":<Double_value>,"icmptotbadchecksum":<Double_value>,"icmptotinvalidbodylen":<Double_value>,"icmprxechorate":<Double_value>,"icmptotbignextmtu":<Double_value>,"icmptotpmtudiscoverydisabled":<Double_value>,"icmprxpktsrate":<Double_value>,"icmptotbadpmtuipchecksum":<Double_value>,"icmptotpmtunolink":<Double_value>,"icmptotinvalidprotocol":<Double_value>,"icmptotportunreachablerx":<Double_value>,"icmptotneedfragrx":<Double_value>,"icmptxechoreplyrate":<Double_value>,"icmptotpktsdropped":<Double_value>,"icmptotrxechoreply":<Double_value>,"icmptxpktsrate":<Double_value>,"icmptotnonfirstipfrag":<Double_value>,"icmptotrxpkts":<Double_value>,"icmptotnotcpconn":<Double_value>,"icmptotinvalidtcpseqno":<Double_value>,"icmptxbytesrate":<Double_value>}]}```



